Hello everybody and welcome to a brand new video. Today we're going to be doing something that has been suggested quite a few times and that is overnight flipping or bot dump flipping. Um it's really easy to do and can actually be pretty profitable on items that normally are not. So we have a um kind of a small list of items open here. Uh air orbs, black chinchas, dragon bones, green dragon leather, magic logs, oak planks, and red chinchas. These aren't the only items you can do, but uh just the ones that kind of popped in my head. Um so you're going to need a grand exchange tracking tool. I'm going to use G Tracker because it actually shows you the last half an hour and the most up-to-date information. So we'll jump into let's see the red chin chompas. So what we're going to look for is for one having the buying quantities. Nice 7,000. And two, we want to go to the most recent data. So down to the day or the week if that's what you're using. And um so we're going to look through all the prices over the last uh this is the last 24 hours. So an item naturally has every day a kind of natural curve going up and down up and down during certain hours. Uh we're looking for when it's at its lowest and then we'll just put an offer in for that. It's really simple. And then we'll just wait 24 hours and hopefully at that time uh the supply and demand will be lower and you will buy the items. And then you want to hopefully sell it during a peak hour when there's tons being traded and the price is a bit higher. Uh so for this example for wrench and chompas uh low is about625 or something. Um, yeah. And you can sell it hopefully for H6.87. You could put in for 1680. These numbers aren't like 100% correct. They could be could item could have gone higher or lower. Um, but it's a good kind of guide. So, if we did uh let's see 16 87US 1625 was it? Yeah. And then times 7,000 is the limit. Uh, we'd make about 434K. and our investment would only be like about 12 mil. Uh so pretty pretty good return especially since this item will not oftent times have a very big margin if you just try to flip it normally. And yeah, so that's kind of the basics of it. And now we're going to try it out a couple times with a bunch of different items and we'll see it actually works. Okay, so to start off we are going to try the green dragon hide. So, we have a G track Tracker open here, and we're going to have a look at the prices. So, there's a limit of 13,000 for the item. So, decently high. We're going to go down to the day, and we're going to look at the different prices here. 1823. Um, 1828 seems to be kind of one of the higher points. Um, now it would be nice if this was a feature, so I might suggest it to the the guy who owns it, actually being able to see right away what the highest and lowest it's been at. But it looks like it's between 1805 roughly and 1830 or 1828. So we could probably get a 25 GP margin on it, which is um not too bad. So we'll just give it a try just to see how this works. Uh so we'll put an offer in for 1806 and we'll do let's see we'll do 13k. And uh to go with the green dragon hive, we might go with the dragon bones which is probably one of the highest botted items of all time. um loads traded every day. Um but let's have a look at the day graph and yeah, it's actually changed a good amount even in the last 24 hours. Uh so it was up to let's see 3256 uh 3299. That's quite high. And right now it's down the lowest point. Let's see 3100 something. 3299 3272. It's a little annoying to find. 3213 is pretty low. 3170. So, we can actually get a pretty large margin on this item right now. Uh assuming that um this is a natural trend and not just a downward trend. Um because if this is items just going down, obviously that's not going to work as well. Um but I think we'll definitely try this cuz it does have a pretty high point in the last 24 hours. Uh, so dragon bones. And what should we put it in for? Going to try 3171. And um let's see how many we can afford. Can we afford 10,000? Uh, no. We'll have to do 7,000. And yeah, so we're just going to leave this in probably for 24 hours, not necessarily overnight, and we'll come back and see how it works. Okay, so unfortunately the green dragon hides uh we didn't make any money on. We accidentally bought them um instantly when we changed the price. Uh we sold them back for the same price, so it's not a big deal. Uh but the dragon bones we did all buy. It's been about uh left in overnight and they were pretty much all bought when I woke up. Uh so we bought all the dragon bones for 3171 and we're going to try selling them for 3,300. Now it's pretty high, so we're not sure if we're going to sell them for that much, but we might as well shoot for the moon. That's like a 1 mil profit right there. So hopefully we can sell off the dragon bones and we'll come back uh when some items have sold. Okay, so we did uh sell off all the dragon bones and uh for about a 300 or 350k profit. So pretty decent uh for dragon bones anyway. Um and we did put another offer for the green dragon hides cuz we wanted to give them a try since the first time we ended up putting in a way too high a number and messing up a little bit. Uh but we didn't get a full 13k green dragon hides. We only got about 6.5k of them. And we bought them for how long did we buy them for? I think 1806 or something like that. And or maybe even a little lower than that. I think it was 1791 actually. So let's see what it Yeah. So now it's at about 1835. That's a 40 or 50 GP profit. Let's have a look at our history quickly here. Yeah. 1791. Uh, so we're going to pop these in here for$1835 and we'll see if we actually manage to sell those off because if we do that would be let's see 1835us 1791 a 44 GP margin time 6,000 is another 250 300k. Uh, so not bad and we'll see if we can get a higher margin on some other items though. So next up we're thinking of trying the red chin Champa. Um, it has a fair amount traded every Okay, so let's look at the last day or two. Uh low point 1579 seems to be one of the lower end of it. Maybe put in for 1580 or something. Um kind of looks maybe I'm crazy, but looks like it's kind of trending up a little bit. It's kind of hard to tell though. Um but we'll put an offer in for roughly 1590 or actually 1580 maybe. And uh we'll see how this works. Maybe dragon items are just a bit too traded that the bots dumping them don't even affect the price too much. So, we'll put an offer in for 10,000. And yeah, we didn't instantly buy them, which is probably good. Uh, next up, we kind of were thinking of trying the U logs. Now, it is a heavily boughted item. It's not very expensive. In my experience of doing this, it's better to pick an item that is in 1,000 to kind of 5,000 range. So, if the item's too cheap, the margin won't vary more than it would regularly. Um, it might drop a couple GP and who knows, maybe it would work, but it just seems better to me to pick a more expensive item. Doesn't have to be like wildly expensive, but something in like between 1,000 coins and 10,000 coins per item would probably be the most optimal. Um, but we're going to try Ulogs anyway. um 13 or 359 seems to be one of the lower points and we could sell them for maybe 370 um which is like 11 GP uh which is pretty decent for the money invested since it only be like uh 3 or 4 mil to get the full buying limit. Um so we'll put an offer in for 360 um and uh do at least 10,000 and move on to one more item. And uh next up, we might try a plank. Uh either regular planks or oak planks. Has this really crazy curve on it. So it might not be uh the most profitable item or the most safe item. It probably would be profitable because it is naturally raising up quite a bit like in the last day. Um it's rose like 30 GP. Uh last week it's risen up quite a bit. Um so it's a bit more of a volatile item, but we might try it because it looks like it might be trending up anyway. So who knows? Could just be a good investment anyway. Um 270 seems to be one of the higher points. If we go back to exactly 24 hours ago, looks quite a bit lower, closer to 225. Um so yeah, let's put an offering for planks. Uh see how that goes. Um regular planks we're going to do and we'll put in for we're going to go a bit higher on this one cuz it looks like the item is raising up already. Uh do 257 and do 10,000 planks. And actually we have 10 left. We're probably going to do another item. Maybe we'll do another plank. Um maybe oak planks. We'll try. Okay, so looking at oak planks. Um kind of looks like it's trending. Actually, no. It kind of looks pretty even. I might just be crazy. Um but the low point looks about 440. And uh yeah, same kind of thing. It looks like it's evening out over the last week or two. Same kind of curve as the regular planks a bit. Um but we'll put it in for a low price of 440 maybe. And uh do 10,000 of those and then I think we're going to call it. But we'll come back and see how many of these items actually manage to work. Okay, so these are the items that kind of ended up sticking around. Um, the planks and green dragon hides did actually sell. Uh, the green dragon hides we got about uh 300k in profit. Uh, the planks we got, let's see here, uh, about 270, I think. Yeah. So, pretty decent for what types of items they are. And we did end up buying about 8,000 red chinchampas. Um, so we'll have to go see what we can sell them for. Um, let's go to the day graph here and uh pop them in for like 1615 or something. The actively trade price is about that right now. And we bought them for 1581. So we should hopefully get a 30 GP margin in there at least. Uh, actually hopefully we can get up to 1638 or 1643 1660 even. Yeah, it's been quite a bit higher in the last um 24 hours. So, I I think we should be at least be able to sell it for630. Uh, so I think that's what we're going to pop it in there for.638. Sure. And I think we're going to try the dragon bones one more time cuz this is one of the items I've seen done successfully quite a few times. Uh, so we'd like to get a little bit of a larger margin on at least once. We'll give it a try though. Um, 3163 doesn't seem to have a huge variance in the price though. Um, but I don't know. It looks like we could still get a 40 GP margin on it. Probably buy around for what the price is now seems to be the low points, 3160, and hopefully sell it for 3,200. Okay, so I just checked the margin and it's actually at 3156, which is one of the lowest in the last 24 hours. So, we're just going to put an offer in for that and uh we'll come back and see if the dragon bones work better this time. Okay, so we sold off both the red gin chompas and the dragon bones. Uh the dragon bones we got a 39 GP margin each one and 9k dragon bones gives us a 351k. Uh the red chin chompas we got actually a 57 GP margin and we got a little bit less. We got 8k of those but that gives us 450k in profit. Uh so pretty decent u for especially for items like I didn't specifically pick out special items that nobody knows about. These are consistent items that people use all the time. We just managed to get a higher margin of them by just looking at the trends in the last 24 hours. So, hope you guys enjoyed the video. If you did, please hit that subscribe button for more guides like this, and I will see you guys next time. [Music]