Hey guys, it's Benefits from GE Tracker here. And today's video, we're going to talk about how to profit from collectibles. Now, this is one of my favorite topics uh that I've that I've been wanting to talk about for quite some time. But, I've kind of I've kind of held off to it. And it's going to be it's going to be a very simple video in regards to any kind of lessons or educational kind of things you guys can learn off of this. If you're already flipping uh dragon warhammers, cloaks, third age long swords, then this video is not really for you. It's really for players who are still just in the beginner stage of flipping, still getting their feet wet, they're still trying to learn how to find different items to find. And hopefully, in this video, if you're a collector yourself, maybe you'll learn something off of this. And hopefully, you can try and profit off of the collection that you've already started. And continue that overall in the long run, so you can try and profit off of that. Or if you're brand new to flipping, and you like the idea of collecting, or you just want to find a different way to make money, then this may work for you as well. All right. So, let me start off by talking about the different types of categories that I've just kind of personalized. I've you know, I put up my own name for these. I mean, you guys can name them whatever you want. But, I have four categories that that which are flatline, times two double up, holiday, and valuables. Now, there's also another category in here that's another type of collectibles that's not shown. And those would be anything untradeable. Like um random events. You could collect the frog to chuck you could collect buckets of chocolate milk. That's that's non-tradeable. So, you can kind of convert things to non-tradeable items. And you you kind of lose out on that. So, there's there's no reason for me to include that category in here. And the only category I'm actually going to talk about specifically in this video is a double up category, cuz that's where you can actually make the most money. The other um unless you're a high-level merchant and you are very comfortable flipping third age long swords, alleys, dragon warhammers, or cloaks, then I would stay away from those in terms of collecting. Okay. So, first off, we have our flatline category. And this is anything that basically high-volume items are going to fit into this category. And they're going to be anywhere between 1 to 10 GP. Um these items are going to have razor-thin margins, and they're going to be kind of slow to obtain for profit. So, if the price is around 3 GP, then you're obviously going to try and get it for like two. But, you're going to want to look at the graphs to see how often those kind of move and if they move at all. Uh if they're going to kind of determine whether or not you're going to pick this item to kind of collect in the long term. But, you should also keep in mind that if you're going to go this route in terms of a flatline item to collect, then you should have no expectations to make any money whatsoever. But, you can try and do so. But, it's just going to be not worthwhile to try and pursue. And then next, we have our holiday items. And like the flatline items, there's not really much to say about this. So, we're just going to kind of briefly go over it. And these are basically, as the title says, any holiday item that comes out during any of those holiday events. This could be Christmas, Easter, Halloween, etc. and any other events that they may put out during the year. Uh the the downside and the biggest downside to this is that the J Mods mass spawn them each year. So, every time that event comes up, they're going to mass spawn all of the previous items from the previous years and the items from this year. No, no, not the items from this year. I apologize. Uh but, they're going to they're going to spawn all the items from the previous years. And that's going to always decrease the value of those items. And they didn't want to see the rares damage the economy to the old school. So, that's why they do this each year and for obvious reasons. Just like flatline, I'm not going to go too much into this. And if you guys want to kind of pursue this, I would do this on your own risk. And finally, we have our times two double up. Now, this category what's beautiful about this category is the title really does fit. And it's it's so true. I mean, some of these items you can make even more than double your investment. Um so, I don't know if you're not doing this, if you're not a collectible, or if you're not if you're not collecting items, or if you're not pursuing items like this, if you're like kind of a a low-level merchant, I honestly don't know why you're not. The margins on this are are crazy. I mean, you can look at the top mar on top chart that's from the weekly graph. And on the bottom chart, that's another from a yearly graph. So, all these items are going to kind of behave differently. So, those two charts are different items. But, I have three charts I'm going to go over with you guys uh filling this category up, so I can show you different time frames. Uh some items are going to be long-term. And then some items are going to be short-term. And then I think one of them's going to be kind of like a mix in the in the middle. So, the positives about the times two double up category is that the entry level is really low. Almost anyone can start flipping these items, and they're fairly profitable. You're going to find margins you're going to find flips that are going to kind of mirror or kind of match some players who are who have like 50 million to work with and are flipping, I don't know, armadyl god swords or stuff like that. You're going to find similar profit um you're going to find similar flips in terms of the total profit made depending on how much you how much you had invested and um type of item and how much the how much the margin is. It always varies. These items are going to be very different from each other. And so many items out there that you guys it's it's almost impossible you guys can't find an item for yourselves. Um now, these items are also going to be normally skill-based. So, that's another it's another clue for you guys to kind of look in that kind of direction. These items are going to kind of be involved with anything that has to do with skills. Herblore is a big one. That's actually a really big one. Herblore makes a lot of money. Kind of just like the the whole area of it. You can decant potions. You can you can flip the secondaries. Um there's a lot of money to be made in that skill specifically. Um you could do runes. Runes are another one as well. Runecrafting. Not as big of a margin. Um and then there's some other specific items that are very niche that I can't really say. But, I'm going to show you a graph of one of those. So, hopefully you guys can get some idea. Um so, like I said earlier, these are going to be short and long-term. And then these items are almost immune to updates. Almost immune to updates. So, you if you find these items, these are like these are like the unicorns of all items in RuneScape. And in Old School RuneScape. All right. Here we are. We have our graph here. And for obvious reasons, we're not going to show the actual item. Cuz I don't want to kind of influence you guys to pick a specific item. Hope you guys can do that on your own. You guys learn a lot um by finding these items on your own. I mean, you guys can use the high-volume tool on our website. That's also a great tool for finding items like this. But, in terms of actually looking at the graph and seeing whether or not this is something that you could collect, that's what we're going to talk about right here. So, every single time that you look at an item at first hand if you're going to try and collect it, is you're going to want to look at the yearly graph. Now, you're going to want to look for this specific pattern. Um you guys can call them cadiers, hills, spikes, mountains, roller coaster, whatever. It doesn't matter what terminology you give these. All you want to see is that it kind of moves up and it moves down periodically. It doesn't have to happen very often. But, it but it just has to show that pattern. And there's other items that behave a little bit quicker. I'm going to go over that in a in a different item different graph. But, if we can see here that this item is behaving in that similar pattern. So, what we're going to start doing is we're going to start moving down the timeline from quarter to monthly to weekly to see how where it's going at the current point in time. And so, right off the bat, I can tell that it has been moving up in recent time. But, now it's starting to go down a little bit. So, this might be an opportunity for me to start putting my investments in early to try and get a price at a lower amount. So, what I mean by that if if I look at the yearly graph here, I can see that at times at peak amount, it can sometimes reach 140 100 126, 70. And then it goes all the way down to 22, 24. So, I mean, you guys can picture this. I mean, obviously if you get like 100,000 of this item and at 24 GP and you were able to sell it for 156 GP, that is bank made. That that's that's a great flip. That's exactly what you want to go for. And in terms of collecting it in the long run, you're going to want to kind of divvy it up determine how easy it was for you to obtain this item. Um was it really slow? So, an example of an item like that would be basically any bronze items. Bronze items are just difficult to obtain uh at a good price. And they're even harder to sell for profit. They're just they're just so difficult to sell. Everyone wants to sell them. So, if you're going to try and collect bronze items, just good luck with that. I think that whole thing is just a money pit. I don't think you're really going to make a lot of money. But, again, looking at this graph, this is how you look at it. So, you start off at the yearly time frame. And then you start moving down to the you start moving down the timeline to see where it's headed. And then we have Let's go over this item next. So, this item, not so much of that massive big drops here and there. But, it is showing that pattern. Uh that little pattern of just going up and down, up and down. That's what we want to look for. So, let's see. And then, if we look Let's actually look at the price again cuz uh this is going to be very important for the last graph. The last graph I want you guys to pay attention to the to the pricing. So, with this one we can see that it goes from 20 to 160 on the price falling graph. And if we look at this one, it goes from 120 to 200. So, okay. So, these are kind of low-priced items. So, these are very low entry items for a lot of you guys out there. But, if you're a little bit of a high-level merchant, then maybe this next item, this last one after this, is going to be a little bit more in your area. But, again, we're just going to look down at the timeline for each of the Okay. Doesn't look to be changing too much. Now, this is what's really important. So, now that I've gone down the timeline, I can tell that in the long run, it doesn't really it doesn't really There's not really a direction it moves. It doesn't really skyrocket. It doesn't really move down any given point in time. It just kind of does its own thing. It just kind of moves all over the place. And that's good for short-term flipping. If you If you want to flip short-term, you want to get this done right away, this is what you want to look for. If you've gone down the timeline, you haven't really seen anything much, but then you look at this, there you go. This is something that you could flip probably during your day. You know, you're sitting at the Grand Exchange, you want to flip some items. This is exactly what we want to do. And then, you would obviously favorite this item so it can show up on your dashboard. And then, you can start monitoring it over time. And then, you'll become like an expert on kind of patterns. But, something like this with an item that doesn't fluctuate as often, this isn't going to be an item that you're going to kind of look for patterns for, but it's just something that you can maybe consistently go back to and make a lot of money like every day. Kind of like that thing that uh a lot of a lot of noob flippers like to to flip Zora scales because it's it's very easy, um very quick. This could be another item just like that. These items are very easy to obtain, has a high volume, and uh margins are great, guys. I mean, look at that. This This is just That's fantastic. I mean, this is a great way to start your day if you're brand-new merchant and stuff like that. So, what do we go to this item here? Now, again, make sure you're looking at the price. Look at the price of this one. We It goes all the way down to 70k, and it can go all the way up to 325k. Now, keep in mind, this is the yearly timeframe. So, it's going to take the average price between those timeframes. So, it's not going to go It's not going to show the highest priced item that was sold on this yearly graph. So, that that price could have easily gone up to like 500k. Um it could have. So, that's one thing to keep in mind. But, again, we can see on this one it does have that pattern. Doesn't matter how long the distance is. You guys can see the distance here between this bump here and this one over here. It does not matter. All you want to see is that pattern of just consistent up and down. Um and that's what we see here. So, we're going to go ahead and go down the timeline to see how it's behaving. I think my computer's a little bit slow. Okay. All right. Okay. So, with this item, now, this is This is an item that I actually This is one of my favorite collectibles. And this is why I kind of want to show you guys because it's I mean, the margins are pretty big. And um it's just a fun item for me to collect. If you're a collector, then you I mean, you would understand. You have your items that you like to hoard and collect. Uh this is one of my items. Something I like to collect. But, we can see with this one, it doesn't really move all that often in the short timeframe. We can see it does It did here during this daytime frame. It did move a lot. But, this is unusual for this item. So, I should have been online today monitoring this and try to kind of profit off of this because this massive gap this often during the day is very unlikely for this item. But, as I can see, there was a lot of money to be made. So, with an item like this, where it's not so clear in terms of how it behaves, this is your long-term item. Now, like when I showed you during the times two double-up category page, if you go back to that, you're going to see that it was either short-term or long-term. Now, these two items right here are both long-term items. These are both long-term flips that you don't really try and flip in a day or a week. These are things that you kind of hoard on to and hold on to These are the These are things you kind of hold on to hoping for their price to go up. But, they should go up. So, so something like this, what you're going to want to do is you're going to just want to pay attention to the graph overall. So, recently, we can see that it's spiked up and it's kind of going down a little bit. But, if we looked at the daily timeframe, it's still acting very weird. So, what I could do is going off of my experience with this item, I could start putting in my values in for the price that I usually get this item at. And since it's kind of fluctuating like this, it's kind of acting very strange. This is kind of telling me that it may actually go back up in price again. It kind of Yeah, okay. So, we're looking at this weekly timeframe. Um so, if I'm looking at this yearly timeframe, and then I look at this daily timeframe, this kind of weird scattering scattering is going to is showing me that it's going back up again, especially since the orange line, which is the sell sell price line, that's moving up. And then, we can see at the very bottom up that it's kind of like spiking at different moments in terms of the amount traded. So, it may be someone that's dumping their items to try and get for uh a good price. It may be someone that's trying to manipulate it to try and push the item back up. But, in terms of actually putting a price for this, this is actually something that I would not do yet. Um so, I do take that back. This is an item that I would probably hold on to. Um or I would hold on to my offer at the GE. And then, if I if I did have any items held on to this, this is the point where I would start selling it off. But, again, depending upon your own goals, how much you want to hoard, how easy this is to obtain, um this isn't exactly a high-volume item, so I can't exactly get 10,000 of these in one go. So, that's kind of like the the part of the struggle with this one in terms of long-term collecting. So, you have to determine whether or not if you can sell off So, let's say we have 100 of this item. Um and it's reached to 300k. We could We could sell 80 of those and then keep uh keep 20 of those and assuming that the next time one of these spikes happens, we're going to at least have more than 100, maybe like 120. So, then when we sell another 80, we'll have 40 left, and so on and so on. And that's how you kind of progressively move on with these things. So, yeah. With an item like this, guys, this is going to be a long-term item, long long-term price. You're going to want to if you're going to If you're going to do an item like this, you're going to have to keep in mind that you may be holding on to this for for weeks. You may be investing on to this for weeks if it's something that you uh you really want to collect. Um and then, you're hoping to kind of like sell back for money. So, I mean, if you look at this timeframe here, right during here, this is a is a massive amount of time um the last spike. So, I mean, this this could very well happen as well. With an item like this, this is 100k to 300k. So, you know, with with the the higher value an item goes, the more likely the more likely it is that you may be holding on to it for longer. So, a good example of that would be third-age item. So, if you want to If you want to predict that a third-age item is going to go back up, and you want to start hoarding those, it may be sometime before it reaches a price point that you predicted, or maybe not at all. Cuz I mean, third-age third-age items are going to be a whole lot more risky than this item. This is This is a fairly stable item, fairly uh fairly independent from any game updates. So, I've I've watched many game updates, and this thing hasn't really moved at all. All right, guys. I think that's going to be the end of the video. If you guys have any questions, be sure to leave a comment down below to give me your thoughts. If you guys like this video, be sure to show your support by leaving a like and subscribe for future content. Other than that, guys, though, good luck merching, and until next time.