 Alright, hello everyone, how you guys doing? Hope you guys are having a wonderful day. Today we're here with another video and in today's video, just going to go ahead and show you guys how much money you guys can make just by not even being around the GE, but just by constantly actually keeping your GE slots and use and just using them overall, it's at least you some forms of money making methods that I'm going to go ahead and show you guys here today. So we're going to use a lot of different techniques, or at least probably five or six. There will be some that aren't working now. Go ahead and tell you guys about though, but let's go ahead and start. One that I always recommend to people, if you have a decent amount of cash is Pharaoh's sectors, you can always kind of either merge them for a decent margin or at least charge them for a decent margin. So I'm going to go ahead and put an offer for like seven or eight. We really won't get that many within the hour. I'd rather have too many than too few in there though. On top of that, something like UCeds and UC Applings or something, I would definitely say to take advantage of because this is stuff that is really just doesn't even take that much time to put together, but overall, if there's a decent margin on actually making the saplings from seeds themselves, you do end up making a lot of money per time spent. So as you guys can see, 79K there and it costs 77.2 per one. So I mean, overall, I'm making, you know, 1.8K, but for how long it actually takes me to do this, that's going to definitely be worth my time. And then here we go. Going to go ahead and sell Magic Seeds to 200, 2.1. And you can sell the saplings for 204, which means we make another 1.9K on that. So I'm going to go ahead and put an offer for that as well. Another thing I most always recommend to actually keep in your grand exchange is Roondarts P. You always just make money from actually cleaning them, not necessarily if you insted by them, obviously. But as you guys can see, bought for 1,025 and regular Roondarts buy for almost 1100. So obviously, really decent money to be made there. So you're going to go ahead and put an offer for like 10,000. Probably won't hit that many, but might as well. Another margin I would say it would be worth checking is Birds Nest to Crush Birds Nest. As you guys could see, if you buy Birds Nest, you could buy them at 41.83. And then as far as the Crush version, that is probably about 260GPM more. And it doesn't cost that much, actually, be able to crush these. So I definitely say work on getting as many of those as you can as well. And then as you guys can see right here, as far as Loop Path and 2Taps go, basically the buying prices for them both combined to about 31K. And I can sell them for 32.8, making me 1.8K per 1.9D. So that's going to be worth it as well to buy. And then lastly, going to go ahead and throw in an offer for some primordial crystals. Because right now I can make like 60 or 70K per 1 that I end up getting. And during the hour, maybe I'll be able to get a few that make me a little bit extra money. But there we go. I'm going to go ahead and leave these guys in. I'm going to go do a Slayer task. And then I'll be back with how much I was able to make during that amount of time. And there we go one ahead and just got an agility level instead. What's going to do Slayer, but realized I needed to buy some gear. And yeah, my GE was full. And so yeah, that took me about 50 minutes. And as you guys can see, I was able to grab about half of my UCs, all of my magic seeds and all of the key hats that I tried to get in the hour. I was able to get one prim crystal and then decided to go ahead and switch them on over to Pharaoh Scepter. I ended up getting two more. I had six at the time, which was kind of a lot. But then I'll come again a little bit more slow. 1.5K Roondart's P not really happy with that. But you know, free money for the most part. And as well, we got another 1.1,000 birds. So I'm going to go ahead take this all out and see what we paid for it. And then see how long it takes me to actually change these items and sell them and see how much we make. All right. So now overall on what I spent for everything for this hour, obviously a lot of stuff to take in. Nine Pharaoh Scepter is 500 keys, you know, a lot of seeds. Overall, you guys can take a look at the prices here if you want. But I have them all calculated over on this little note sheet. That's how much I spent on each individual item. And overall, it's 136 mil in 947 K. So that's how much we spent during this hour. Now I'm going to go ahead, see how long it takes me to actually combine or use all these items. And then from there, we'll see how much money we made and how much time. All right. So first, we're going to go ahead and unclean the Roondart's pretty much no time at all to be able to do that. And we can sell the darts for 1,098 per one. I actually forgot that I need to buy some gold seals to be able to charge these Pharaoh Scepters. So in total now we're up to 136.988. So here we go. Charge all of the Pharaoh Scepters. You guys can see selling eight of them currently for 5.516 mil. Now in total, that is 44.1. And as you guys can see, I bought them over here for only 43.1. So that is a mill margin on all those. I also made 2K on the extra Pharaoh Scepter that I actually bought. So obviously some decent money there. Pharaoh Scepters have always been really good. And they obviously have a really decent margin right now because their price has kind of gone up and down a lot recently. But yeah, we made a mill over there. Going to go ahead and sell off that Pharaoh Scepter as well. And as far as Roondart, as you guys can see, 1.711 mill. And in total right here, that is another 120K margin right there as well. So instead of crushing 1.1 thousand of these on my own, I'd rather do no time pretty much and just crush them all through this person. And that will only cost me 57K. So I'll add that onto the total cost of the bird's nest. But overall, 57K to go ahead and crush 1.1 thousand is definitely worth your time. The current price of a crushed bird's nest is 4,391. Making sure we go ahead and add another 50K over here to the bird's nest. You guys can see that I spent 4.877 mill on the bird's nest in total. And I am going to sell them for about a 200K profit as well. So definitely nice to have that. But let's go ahead and try to sell those on. Now I am done with the 500 crystal keys that took me probably about nine minutes. And I mean, that's really definitely not bad. That means that we could do probably over 3,000 per hour. And let's go ahead and see how much one crystal key buys for hopefully it's still a decent amount. Yeah, 32.2. So that's not bad. Overall, right here with loop and tooth has, we probably spent about 15.5 to mill. And so in total here, that means we made about 600K in that nine minute spent. So definitely worth it. And now time to move on to the farming seeds and the primordial boots that we got during the hour. And here we go, everything in the GE ready to go. I ended up potting up all of the magic seeds and you seeds, turning them into saplings. Took about five minutes in total for the whole 300 of them pretty much. And as far as primordial boots go, that's pretty much no time at all. And I was able to make a little bit of money on that. So as far as what we made overall in accordance to each one of these, with Reunder Arts, I paid 1.6 mil. So I made 111K there. As far as Faro Scepter's, I spent 48.6 mil for these. So I ended up making 600K here. As far as the question asked, this probably took me a minute, maybe even to get to Narda and come back to the GE. And overall, we ended up selling them for 5 mil and 71K. And to be able to get them, I spent 4. A little under nine mil. So in total, I was actually able to make 200K on this. And that does include the cost to actually be able to crush them through the GE in Narda. Then as far as these crystal keys, I spent 15.6 mil on them entirely. So I made a little over 500K here. And this took me not much longer than, say, 10 minutes. So definitely a good margin there. So as far as magic saplings go, I ended up selling them or I'm going to sell them for 40.56. And overall, I spent 40.2 one on them, which means I made 350K. Definitely not too bad. And on top of that, as far as use saplings are concerned, able to make 150K. So in total, I made 500K. And this only took me five minutes to be able to actually put these all into saplings. And then the primordial boots, I'm going to end up making 50K on them in total. Not really that great. Typically, you can find better margins than that. But even 50K for something that was just one ticking game, definitely something worth your time. There we go. So as far as stuff selling in the background, we'll continue to let that go. But as you guys can see, this is how much I made off of all of the methods that I did here today. Vroomdard's Faro Sceptors, Nesky, Sapplings, and Prims. Obviously, with each category, I also give how much I made and how much time it took me. So all of these are worth doing as methods. And I would say it's definitely something you should look to keep in your grain exchange at all times. In total, I spent probably about 50 minutes buying all the supplies for this and then put in 17 minutes work. And I made two mill pretty much. Definitely worth your time. And obviously, I know I have a decent amount of money that I can go ahead and put into the grain exchange that other people might not. But you can still do a lot of these methods with even just less amount of them buying. That's really the only difference maker here is the fact that I can buy a lot of Faro Sceptors on on top of that. I can have a mass amount in even though in most instances, not all of the ones that I have offers in for end up buying. And then as far as other methods of stuff that you could do and also how to go ahead and find decent methods, basically GE track, you're a sponsor of mine. You guys can find them in the description down below. But they offer a ton of different ways to actually show you what ways you can make money through the green exchange and pretty much no time loss methods. As you guys can see here, I mean, some really big margins right now and some of the higher risk stuff like actually putting ancestral into a set and then selling it on. And that's really something you guys can like to do if you guys don't want to do any of these methods or you guys need something else. You can make a lot of money by putting stuff like armor sets and pages into a set and selling them on. Or sometimes you can even buy the set, unpack it and then sell it for more too. On top of that, obviously you can keep doing boots or you could even make some jewelry in certain instances, making shields also a very good one. I would recommend as well if you know the prices that you can end up buying them at. So hopefully you guys took some methods out of this video that you guys can enjoy and use on your own. There are definitely a lot of ways you can go about making money through the green exchange without ever really being there and actually, you know, it taking up relatively little effort compared to other money makers within the game. It definitely is something you can do on the side while you're doing stuff like slayer or skilling depending on what kind of stuff you like to do. But yeah, if you guys enjoyed the video, make sure to leave a like if there's anything you guys want to tell me, comment that down below. If you guys enjoy the content, make sure to subscribe to the channel for more in the future. But with that said, hopefully you guys have a wonderful day and peace.